# virustotal_slack_command
Simple PHP script to check virustotal from slack

What are commands?
Messages that start with a slash / are commands and will behave differently from regular messages. For example, you can use the "topic" command to change your current channel's topic to "Hello!" by typing /topic Hello!. When you type /remind me in 10 minutes to drink a glass of water the command will set a reminder for you to drink a glass of water in 10 minutes.

VirusTotal Public API v2.0
VirusTotal's Public API lets you upload and scan files, submit and scan URLs, access finished scan reports and make automatic comments on URLs and samples without the need of using the HTML website interface. In other words, it allows you to build simple scripts to access the information generated by VirusTotal.
https://virustotal.com/en/documentation/public-api/


REQUIREMENTS

* A custom slash command on a Slack team
* A web server running PHP5 with cURL enabled

SETUP

* Replace $slack_token with your slack command token
* Replace $api_key with your virustotal api key

USAGE

* Place this script on a server running PHP5 with cURL.
* Set up a new custom slash command on your Slack team:
http://my.slack.com/services/new/slash-commands
* Under "Choose a command", enter whatever you want for
the command. /chkurl is easy to remember.
* Under "URL", enter the URL for the script on your server.
* Leave "Method" set to "Post".
* Decide whether you want this command to show in the
autocomplete list for slash commands.
* If you do, enter a short description and usage hint.
